This is the Clicker app for android, where teachers and students can
answer questions and see results. It closely resembles the iClicker 
functionality, but instead in a phone app and using Internet instead
of signals.


All users:
First, create an account by registering. Then you will have the options
to be either a teacher by creating a session or a student by joining a
session. 


Teacher:
First, create a session. It will auto generate a session id for you. 
Then you will be able to add questions, with a default of must having
at least one question to create a session. You can delete additional
questions or edit other questions after you leave the question you are
on as well. You will be able to enter your question, and mark with the
radio button what the answer will be. It automatically saves, and you 
can go back once you are done.

In order to start the session, click on manage sessions. Once you click 
start session, you will be able to choose which question to start, and
once started decide when to stop taking responses or wait until the 
timer runs out. After going through the questions, you can go back.

You then have the option to export the data. Once you export it, it will
save a spreadsheet on your phone with all the student responses and the 
answers they gave along with how they performed in relation to the 
answer key.


Student:
A student can only join sessions, so they can click join session and 
type in the session id the teacher gives. After typing it in, they click
the checkmark on the keyboard and you will be entered in the session.
The student waits until the teacher starts each question, which is when 
they will be able to submit responses. Once they click submit, they 
can't change their option. After the teacher is finished, they will be
able to go back and they are done with their session.